README.md, before:

# Neovim Config Framework 🛠️

Welcome to the Neovim Config Framework, a powerful and flexible framework designed to enhance your Neovim experience. Our framework is dedicated to providing a highly customizable and easy-to-use environment for all users, whether you're an experienced developer or just getting started with Neovim. 🌟

## Features 🎉

- **GPL-3.0 Licensed** 📜: This framework is open source and free to use, modify, and distribute under the terms of the GNU General Public License v3.0.
- **Clean Architecture** 🏛️: Inspired by the principles of Clean Architecture, our framework ensures that the configuration structure is easy to understand, maintain, and extend.
- **Easy to Configure** ⚙️: We prioritize simplicity and efficiency, making it straightforward for users to adjust settings and preferences to fit their needs.
- **Plugin Flexibility** 🔄: Switching between plugins or adding new ones has never been easier. Our framework is designed to accommodate changes seamlessly, empowering users to customize their development environment to their liking.

## Getting Started 🚀

1. **Installation**: Clone this repository to your local machine and follow the installation instructions provided in the `INSTALL.md` file to set up the framework with Neovim.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/nitaichran/cleanvim.git
    cd cleanvim
    ```

2. **Configuration**: Navigate to the `config` directory to customize your Neovim settings. We've provided a comprehensive guide in the `CONFIGURE.md` file to help you get started.

3. **Plugin Management**: To add or remove plugins, edit the `plugins.lua` file in the `plugins` directory. Our framework supports a variety of plugin managers, and detailed instructions can be found in `PLUGINS.md`.

## File Structure 📂

The framework follows a Clean Architecture pattern to ensure a modular, scalable, and maintainable setup. Here is the structure of the configuration:

<pre>
~/.config/nvim
├── init.lua
└── lua
    ├── application
    │   ├── events
    │   │   ├── config.lua
    │   │   ├── debugger.lua
    │   │   └── init.lua
    │   └── use_cases
    │       ├── application.lua
    │       ├── bookmarker.lua
    │       ├── ...
    │       ├── window.lua
    │       └── workspace.lua
    ├── config
    │   ├── default.lua
    │   └── init.lua
    ├── domain
    │   ├── environments.lua
    │   ├── log_levels.lua
    │   └── maps
    │       ├── application.lua
    │       ├── bookmarker.lua
    │       ├── ...
    │       ├── visual_mode.lua
    │       └── window.lua
    └── infrastructure
        ├── adapters
        │   ├── application.lua
        │   ├── bookmarker.lua
        │   ├── ...
        │   ├── window.lua
        │   └── workspace.lua
        └── plugins
            ├── lazy
            │   ├── configs
            │   │   ├── application.lua
            │   │   ├── bookmarker.lua
            │   │   ├── ...
            │   │   ├── window.lua
            │   │   └── workspace.lua
            │   └── init.lua
            ├── application.lua
            ├── bookmarker.lua
            ├── ...
            ├── window.lua
            └── workspaces.lua
</pre>

This structure separates concerns into distinct layers, making it easier to manage configurations, plugins, and other aspects of your Neovim setup.

## Documentation 📚

For more detailed information about the framework's architecture, configuration options, and plugin management, please refer to the `docs` directory. Here you'll find everything you need to customize your Neovim setup to your heart's content.

## Contributing 🤝

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether it's adding new features, improving existing ones, or fixing bugs, your help is invaluable. Please see `CONTRIBUTING.md` for guidelines on how to contribute to this project.

## License 📄

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. For more information, please see the `LICENSE` file.

## Acknowledgments 💖

- Special thanks to the Neovim community for their continuous support and inspiration.
- Gratitude to the contributors who have made this framework what it is today.

## Contact 📩

For questions, suggestions, or support, please open an issue in the GitHub repository, or contact us directly at [your email].

Happy coding with Neovim! 💻🎈

Commit message:

feat: Update framework name to spaceneovim

README.md, after:

# spaceneovim 🛠️

Welcome to spaceneovim, a powerful and flexible framework designed to enhance your Neovim experience, inspired by Spacemacs. Our framework is dedicated to providing a highly customizable and easy-to-use environment for all users, whether you're an experienced developer or just getting started with Neovim. 🌟

## Inspired by Spacemacs

spaceneovim draws inspiration from Spacemacs, aiming to bring its efficient, mnemonic, and enjoyable key-binding system to the Neovim environment. This inspiration guides our approach to making development faster, more efficient, and enjoyable for programmers of all skill levels.

## Features 🎉

- **GPL-3.0 Licensed** 📜: spaceneovim is open source and free to use, modify, and distribute under the terms of the GNU General Public License v3.0.
- **Built Following Clean Architecture Pattern** 🏛️: Embracing the principles of Clean Architecture, spaceneovim ensures that the configuration structure is intuitive, maintainable, and scalable.
- **Easy to Configure** ⚙️: We prioritize simplicity and efficiency, making it straightforward for users to adjust settings and preferences to fit their needs.
- **Plugin Flexibility** 🔄: Switching between plugins or adding new ones has never been easier. Our framework is designed to accommodate changes seamlessly, empowering users to customize their development environment to their liking.

## Getting Started 🚀

1. **Installation**: Clone this repository to your local machine and follow the installation instructions provided in the `INSTALL.md` file to set up the framework with Neovim.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/spaceneovim.git
    cd spaceneovim
    ```

2. **Configuration**: Navigate to the `config` directory to customize your Neovim settings. We've provided a comprehensive guide in the `CONFIGURE.md` file to help you get started.

3. **Plugin Management**: To add or remove plugins, edit the `plugins.lua` file in the `plugins` directory. Our framework supports a variety of plugin managers, and detailed instructions can be found in `PLUGINS.md`.

## File Structure 📂

The framework follows a Clean Architecture pattern to ensure a modular, scalable, and maintainable setup. Here is the structure of the configuration:

<pre>
~/.config/nvim
├── init.lua
└── lua
    ├── application
    │   ├── events
    │   │   ├── config.lua
    │   │   ├── debugger.lua
    │   │   └── init.lua
    │   └── use_cases
    │       ├── application.lua
    │       ├── bookmarker.lua
    │       ├── ...
    │       ├── window.lua
    │       └── workspace.lua
    ├── config
    │   ├── default.lua
    │   └── init.lua
    ├── domain
    │   ├── environments.lua
    │   ├── log_levels.lua
    │   └── maps
    │       ├── application.lua
    │       ├── bookmarker.lua
    │       ├── ...
    │       ├── visual_mode.lua
    │       └── window.lua
    └── infrastructure
        ├── adapters
        │   ├── application.lua
        │   ├── bookmarker.lua
        │   ├── ...
        │   ├── window.lua
        │   └── workspace.lua
        └── plugins
            ├── lazy
            │   ├── configs
            │   │   ├── application.lua
            │   │   ├── bookmarker.lua
            │   │   ├── ...
            │   │   ├── window.lua
            │   │   └── workspace.lua
            │   └── init.lua
            ├── application.lua
            ├── bookmarker.lua
            ├── ...
            ├── window.lua
            └── workspaces.lua
</pre>

## Documentation 📚

For more detailed information about the framework's architecture, configuration options, and plugin management, please refer to the `docs` directory. Here you'll find everything you need to customize your Neovim setup to your heart's content.

## Contributing 🤝

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether it's adding new features, improving existing ones, or fixing bugs, your help is invaluable. Please see `CONTRIBUTING.md` for guidelines on how to contribute to this project.

## License 📄

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. For more information, please see the `LICENSE` file.

## Contact 📩

For questions, suggestions, or support, please open an issue in the GitHub repository, or contact us directly at [your email].

Happy coding with Neovim! 💻🎈
